More precise description for manual createrepo (#3043)
fedora-copr/copr: doc/user_documentation.rst

  %endif

Creating repositories manually
------------------------------

After a build is finished, Copr automatically adds its results to the project RPM

> repository. When maintaining a large software stack consiting from hundreds of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository. When maintaining a large software stack consisting of hundreds of
```

Author: Good catch, thank you. Updated.
